Add X.509 guidance (#21)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c-arduino: README.md

For more details about the Azure Embedded SDK for C please refer to the [official library website](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-c).

This library package contains the following samples.
Please refer to their documentation for setup and execution instructions:

- [Azure IoT Central ESPRESSIF ESP32 Azure IoT Kit](examples/Azure_IoT_Central_ESP32_AzureIoTKit/readme.md)

- [Azure IoT Central ESPRESSIF ESP32](examples/Azure_IoT_Central_ESP32/readme.md)

- [Azure IoT Hub ESPRESSIF ESP-8266](examples/Azure_IoT_Hub_ESP8266/readme.md)

- [Azure IoT Hub ESPRESSIF ESP-32](examples/Azure_IoT_Hub_ESP32/readme.md)

- [Azure IoT Hub Realtek AmebaD](examples/Azure_IoT_Hub_RealtekAmebaD/readme.md)

What is the difference between **IoT Hub** and **IoT Central** samples?

1. IoT Hub samples will get devices connected directly to [Azure IoT Hub](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-hub/iot-concepts-and-iot-hub)

> 1. IoT Central samples, will leverage DPS ([Device Provisioning Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-dps/about-iot-dps)) to provision the device and then connect it to [Azure IoT Central](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-central/core/overview-iot-central). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. IoT Central samples will leverage DPS ([Device Provisioning Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-dps/about-iot-dps)) to provision the device and then connect it to [Azure IoT Central](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-central/core/overview-iot-central). 
```

> Please notice that provision through DPS is mandatory for IoT Central scenarios, but DPS can also be used for IoT Hub devices as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that provisioning through DPS is mandatory for IoT Central scenarios, but DPS can also be used for IoT Hub devices as well.
```

Author: thanks for taking the time to add all the suggestions! much appreciated!!
